This project was created as a test task.

This is a multi-page application, using the CoinGecko API, which performs the functions specified in the task.

Among them are the implementation of tables with a list of all cryptocurrencies, and a table with the top 7 cryptocurrencies returned by the API. When clicking on any table, the user is transferred to a page with detailed information about the coin. This page does not show all possible data, but only those that I considered the most important (I'm not strong in cryptocurrencies, so I took general data from the API that everyone understands). However, if desired, this page can be replenished with various kinds of data, since all that needs to be done for this is to declare a new class under an object of type Json (which returns the API). 
You can also get to this page by using the search TextBox on the main page of the application. You can enter any cryptocurrency property (symbol, name or id) into the search engine. Also, the search line is present on the page itself with detailed information about the coin. So, the Search button on that page refreshes it, and fills it with new data. It is worth noting that sometimes the page with detailed information is partially or completely empty. This is due to the fact that the API returns the most detailed information not for all cryptocurrencies, but only for some (I tested all the functions on the very first coin with id 01coin and the btc coin, everything definitely works on them). All these exceptions and errors from the API would be difficult to work out manually, so I did not do this, because I think that this is not entirely advisable.
The next in line is the converter page, in which you can select any currencies and enter the amount of money to convert (in fact, you can not select any currencies, since I set a limit of 30 pieces, due to the fact that if it loads all currencies into a poor ComboBox , then it will take a very long time to load them, so for a simple demonstration of functionality, I limited the number of available currencies). The choice of currency could be done through the search bar, but I found it boring and monotonous. 
The next function I implemented is to change the visual to night mode (and vice versa). The implementation is as simple as a door, so I will not focus on it. The main thing is that it works.

Now about what I did noе implement. I didn’t have time to basically make the application safer for crashes. Unfortunately, this week turned out to be very difficult for me, both physically and emotionally, so I started to fully complete the task only on Saturday 01.04. And because of this, I simply did not have enough time to finalize and study all the possible exceptions and errors associated with the API and the application as a whole. Therefore, I ask you not to scold me for this =)

And the last thing: I had problems with the CoinGecko API today, since its free version has a limit on the number of requests from one IP address, and I could only solve this problem through a VPN. Therefore, if for some reason my application crashes at the loading stage of any of the windows, then most likely this is a problem directly with the API, and not with my request, since at the development stage all requests worked. I hope that you rate this project and leave some feedback. In the future, in spite of everything, I want to finalize this project, add functionality to it and protect the theoretical user from crashes and bugs.
